Proposal
==========
Animation:
	Purpose: To elegantly update sprites for gameplay. The animations should be clear to understand, sharp and smooth. Also, animations should be generic, easily re-used, and adabtable. 

	How it links to other sections: 
		Game mechanics is essentially going to dictate how animation works. 
		Examples: how text screens work, where should they appear
				 how fast should the character walk across the map

		other section also need to easily interact with Animation.
		Examples: Coordinate on map where events for should take place
				  Placement of items/east bunnies

	Requirements inorder for Animation to function:
		Generic map that marks collision areas, and sets a finite coordinate system on the map.
		a player, represented by a rectangle to animate on generic map.

		with these , even if all art assets are lost, animation can keep its functionality. Also, other sections arn't affected as well

	Planning:
		A. Making player moveable on map.
		B. Making player unable to move on certain tiles
		C. Generic text animation that take input and elegantly presents 	it on screen *game mechanics*
		D. Pause Screen *game mechanics*
		E. Easily switch map/screens.
		F. all minigames and alterior generic maps 
		*changes as game develops and not yet planned at all*

Art: *because of sheer time commitment, it has been moved to a section of its own*
		
		Purpose: Make the game gorgeous, consent, and simple. Can make/break the game, truly key.

	Planning:
		1. NPCs/Player creation
		2. TILE map creation
			***GENERIC MAPS FIRST, so animation can function.
			-must be flexible tiles that easily work together to make a really elegant map
			-a finite definite list of all tiles needed
			-need to be spaced and carefully planned. There is a massive amount of tiles that need to be created since we chose to make these.
		3. improve Animations that work with game mechanics, 
				such as pause/text screen
				
Plot:
	Purpose: Provide a story while going through the game (i.e. events, dialogue). Does not have to be complex, but it should provide incentive for the player to want to continue the game
	
	How it links to other sections:
		Progression and Plot are very entwined and are thus going to be constantly working with one another.
		Examples: How achievements relate to the story, dialogue for progressing through the game
		
		Game Mechanics and Plot are going to need to talk to one another to make sure the story incorporated the usage of the game mechanics
		Examples:	Acquisition of certain abilities should be plot related, the types of mechanics
					involved should impact the direction the story
					
		Plot will also be influencing certain aspects of art and animation to make sure parts of the story are implemented
					
		Requirements in order for plot to function
			Most of the plot will be written down and executed using art and animation. However, art and framework are going to need to be contacted
			to make things such as dialogue boxes.
			
	Planning:
		A. Wait for a majority of Game Mechanics to be completed.
		B. Write a synopsis and summary of a planned story
		C. Start making drafts of a script that includes dialogue for main quest and side quests
		D. Write Final draft for story and dialogue
		E. Work with art and animation to create specific animation and dialogue boxes to fit story
		F. Implement dialogue into the game
					
		




